{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Open Sans Condensed,Arial,sans-serif;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Open Sans,Arial,sans-serif;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Open Sans,Arial,sans-serif;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red252\green127\blue0;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \sb400\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0\cf1 Evidence and case studies}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Continuous Delivery is mainly associated with the DevOps movement and the practice of continuous deployment. There are many case studies that fall into this sweet spot, from John Allspaw and Paul Hammond\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s canonical 2009 Velocity talk\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LdOe18KhtT4"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 10+ Deploys Per Day: Dev and Ops Cooperation at Flickr}}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \~to Ken Exner\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s talk on\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YCrhemssYuI"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 transforming software development at Amazon}}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . If you want to see more traditional companies talk about their journey, check out the videos from the DevOps Enterprise Summit\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/user/DOES2014"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 2014}}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \~and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkyYEVVmT9vQ4yPBR4ciFUA/feed"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 2015}}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . There are also a number of case studies presented in the various sections of this website.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Steve Smith and Matthew Skelton have published an excellent and comprehensive set of Continuous Delivery and DevOps experience reports in a book entitled\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://leanpub.com/buildqualityin"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 Build Quality In}}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . 70% of profits go to Code Club, a not-for-profit organisation that runs a UK-wide network of free volunteer-led after-school coding clubs for children aged 9-11, so there\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s no excuse not to buy it.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I also recorded a number of interviews with experts in this space, including Eric Ries, John Allspaw, Elisabeth Hendrickson, Jesse Robbins and Gary Gruver, published by Pearson as\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/jez-cd-interviews"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 Continuous Delivery Expert Interviews}}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . All royalties go to Black Girls Code.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s important to note that while continuous delivery has been widely adopted by web companies, the techniques described on this site can be used in all sorts of domains\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 essentially, anywhere where your software development capability is considered a\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://continuousdelivery.com/2011/01/strategic-vs-utility-services/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 strategic asset}}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . Thus I want to highlight two case studies I wrote about in\~}{\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Lean Enterprise}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 : the HP FutureSmart case study, and another case study from the world of mainframes in financial services.}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb600\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 T}{\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 he HP FutureSmart Case Study}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 HP\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s LaserJet Firmware division builds the firmware that runs all their scanners, printers, and multifunction devices. The team consists of 400 people distributed across the USA, Brazil, and India. In 2008, the division had a problem: they were moving too slowly. They had been on the critical path for all new product releases for years, and were unable to deliver new features: \u8220\'93Marketing would come to us with a million ideas that would dazzle the customer, and we\u8217\'92d just tell them, `Out of your list, pick the two things you\u8217\'92d like to get in the next 6\endash 12 months.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94 They had tried spending, hiring, and outsourcing their way out of the problem, but nothing had worked. They needed a fresh approach.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The targets set by the HP LaserJet leadership were to improve developer productivity by a factor of 10, so as to get firmware off the critical path for product development and reduce costs. They had three high-level goals:}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sa260\sb240\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Create a single platform to support all devices}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sa260\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Increase quality and reduce the amount of stabilization required prior to release}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Reduce the amount of time spent on planning}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A key element in achieving these goals was implementing continuous delivery, with a particular focus on:}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sa260\sb240\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The practice of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://continuousdelivery.com/foundations/configuration-management/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 continuous integration}}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sa260\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Significant investment in\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://continuousdelivery.com/foundations/test-automation/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 test automation}}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Creating a hardware simulator so that tests could be run on a virtual platform}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Reproduction of test failures on developer workstations}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 After three years of work, the HP LaserJet Firmware division changed the economics of the software delivery process by adopting continuous delivery, comprehensive test automation, an iterative and adaptive approach to program management, and a more agile planning process.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Economic Benefits of HP FutureSmart\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s Agile Transformation}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sa260\sb240\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Overall development costs were reduced by ~40%.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sa260\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Programs under development increased by ~140%.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Development costs per program went down 78%.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Resources driving innovation increased eightfold.}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The most important point to remember from this case study is that the enormous cost savings and improvements in productivity were only possible on the basis of a large and ongoing\~}{\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 investment}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \~made by the team in test automation and continuous integration. Even today, many people think that Lean is a management-led activity and that it\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s about simply\~}{\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 cutting costs}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . In reality, it requires\~}{\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 investing}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \~to remove waste and reduce failure demand\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 it is a worker-led activity that, ultimately, can continuously drive down costs and improve quality and productivity.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 For more on this case study, watch Gary Gruver, Director of Engineering for the FutureSmart program,}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Trqjj3d3lhQ"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 presenting at FlowCon 2013}}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . You can also read about the transformation in his book,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.amazon.com/dp/0321821726?tag=contindelive-20"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 A Practical Approach to Large-Scale Agile Development: How HP Transformed LaserJet FutureSmart Firmware}}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb600\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 T}{\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 he Suncorp Simplification Program}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 By Scott Buckley and John Kordyback, originally published in}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \~Lean Enterprise: How High Performance Organizations Innovate at Scale,\~}{\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 pp280-281.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Australia\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s Suncorp Group has ambitious plans to decommission their legacy general insurance policy systems, improve their core banking platform, and start an operational excellence program. \u8220\'93By decommissioning duplicate or dated systems, Suncorp aims to reduce operating costs and reinvest those savings in new digital channels,\u8221\'94 says Matt Pancino, now CEO of Suncorp Business Systems.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lean practices and continuous improvement are necessary strategies to deliver the simplification program. Suncorp is investing successfully in automated testing frameworks to support developing, configuring, maintaining, and upgrading systems quickly. These techniques are familiar to people using new technology platforms, especially in the digital space, but Suncorp is successfully applying agile and lean approaches to the \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93big iron\u8221\'94 world of mainframe systems.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In their insurance business, Suncorp is combining large and complex insurance policy mainframe systems into a system to support common business processes across the organization and drive more insurance sales through direct channels. Some of the key pieces were in place from the \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93building blocks\u8221\'94 program which provided a functional testing framework for the core mainframe policy system, agile delivery practices, and a common approach to system integration based on web services.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 During the first year of the simplification program, testing was extended to support integration of the mainframe policy system with the new digital channels and the pricing systems. Automated acceptance criteria were developed while different systems were in development. This greatly reduced the testing time for integrating the newer pricing and risk assessment system with multiple policy types. Automated testing also supported management and verification of customer policies through different channels, such as online or call center.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Nightly regression testing of core functionality kept pace with development and supported both functional testing and system-to-system integration. As defects were found in end-to-end business scenarios, responsive resolutions were managed in hours or days, not weeks typical for larger enterprise systems.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In the process, Suncorp has reduced 15 complex personal and life insurance systems to 2 and decommissioned 12 legacy systems. Technical upgrades are done once and rolled out across all brands. They have a single code base for customer-facing websites for all their different brands and products. This enables faster response to customer needs and makes redundant separate teams each responsible for one website.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 From a business point of view, the simpler system has allowed 580 business processes to be redesigned and streamlined. Teams can now provide new or improved services according to demand, instead of improving each brand in isolation. It has reduced the time to roll out new products and services, such as health cover for API customers or roadside assistance for AAMI customers.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The investment in simplification and management of Suncorp\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s core systems means they can increase their investment in all their touch points with customers. In both technology and business practices, Suncorp increased their pace of simplification, with most brands now using common infrastructure, services, and processes.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Suncorp\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/1v73OC3"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 2014 annual report}}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \~notes that \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93simplification has enabled the Group to operate a more variable cost base, with the ability to scale resources and services according to market and business demand. Simplification activity is anticipated to achieve savings of $225 million in 2015 and $265 million in 2016.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 For more on this case study, check out John Kordyback\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s 30m presentation\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eMS97X5ZTGc"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 From Mainframes to Continuous Delivery in 1,000 Easy Steps}}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 .}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb600\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 R}{\f1\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 esearch}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Nicole Forsgren, Gene Kim and I have a\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://devops-research.com/"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 research program}}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \~investigating IT performance and the factors that contribute to it. We\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92ve gathered data for several years as part of the annual PuppetLabs / DevOps Research and Assessment State of DevOps Report. The\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/2015-devops-report"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 2014}}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/2015-devops-report"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 2015}}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \~and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://bit.ly/2016-devops-report"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 2016}}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \~reports are free to download (registration required). Key results include:}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sa260\sb240\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Firms with high-performing IT organizations were twice as likely to exceed their profitability, market share and productivity goals.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sa260\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 High performers achieved higher levels of both throughput\~}{\f3\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 and}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \~stability.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The use of continuous delivery practices including version control, continuous integration, and test automation predicts higher IT performance.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Culture is measurable and predicts job satisfaction and organizational performance.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Continuous Delivery measurably reduces both deployment pain and team burnout.}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Some of the research has been published in the form of peer-reviewed conference papers, with further papers in the works. Current publications to date are listed below:}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sa260\sb240\ltrch\loch \ls5\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forsgren, N., J. Humble (2016).\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://ssrn.com/abstract=2681906"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93DevOps: Profiles in ITSM Performance and Contributing Factors.\u8221\'94}}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \~In the Proceedings of the Western Decision Sciences Institute (WDSI) 2016, Las Vegas, NV.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sa260\ltrch\loch \ls5\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forsgren, N., J. Humble (2016).\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://ssrn.com/abstract=2681909"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93The Role of Continuous Delivery in IT and Organizational Performance.\u8221\'94}}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \~In the Proceedings of the Western Decision Sciences Institute (WDSI) 2016, Las Vegas, NV.}}